# linear_regression_slary
### Summary
Creating a supervised machine learning software which will help you determine if the client qualifies for a loan or not. Precision and recall are two vary important dictations which can help determine your software’s performance. You want to ensure that the people who actually qualify for a loan do get approved and aren’t turned away, but you don’t want to falsely approve people whom might not be able to take on the loan.

Oversampling our loan data gave results which note a low precision in high risk loans, and high precision in low risk loans. This might not be ideal because you would want to have a higher precision than 1% for high risk loans and not require such a high precision 100% on low risk loans. If there is more money on the line for the high-risk loans, then you would want to ensure the client requesting the loan will be able to get approved after meeting specific requirements. Furthermore, after reviewing the recall scores we can see that they are average to below average. Which is not good, since this means that we would have substantial group of people getting rejected on loans with might qualify for it. Subsequently, the balanced accuracy score 66%, summarizes the results of the analysis. The oversampling model has provided relatively poor results and cannot recommend using it.

SMOTE Oversampling our data gave us similar results as when we had only oversampled. The difference is really shown in the recall score. We see how the recall score decreased in the high-risk area but in return the low risk recall score increased. Giving us a more evened out recall score between high and low risk loans, but this is still giving us poor results. For many of the same reasons why I did not recommend the Oversampling data is why I do not feel like this model is suitable for use.

Under-sampling our loan data gave us results similar to that of the SMOTE Oversampling analysis but has two key differences, one is the switch of the true negative and the false positive got interchanged. This brought down the recall score for the low risk loans and increased the high-risk loans by 0.02-point difference from the SMOTE Oversampling analysis.

Combination for Over and under sampling our data set, gave us the worst results of the 4 models completed. The overall accuracy was 53% this dropped significantly, but in return the high-risk loan recall score increased to 72%. The low risk loans got hit significantly bring it down to a 59%.
In conclusion, if there were only 4 models to select from, I would have to recommend the SMOTE Oversampling model as the most effective.
